Add hwloc instruction (#11)
Simple-Robotics/code-analysis-tools: README.md

```bash
CC=clang CXX=clang++ cmake ..
```

## Launch a process on a partical CPU/CORE/PU

[hwloc tools](https://www.open-mpi.org/projects/hwloc/) allow to study computer and computer cluster topology.

To install `hwloc` on ubuntu, run the following `apt` command:

```bash
sudo apt install hwloc
```

You can show your computer architecture topology with:

```bash
lstopo
```

> Also, you can run a process on a particuler CPU/CORE/PU with tho following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, you can run a process on a particular CPU/CORE/PU with the following command:
```
